1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, Ca 90291, United States
(541) 754-3010  email@email.com
MICHELLE LOPEZ, Fashion Designer
Expert Fashion Designer with 11+ years 

EXPERIENCE in womens
high-end shoes. Launched product lines for Chanel and Gucci.
Designs showcased in Elle and Vogue. Attained recognition of
top seller fashionista in 2017.

DETAILS
Nationality
American
Place of birth
San Antonio
Driving license
Full

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Fashion Designer at Escada, Milan
January 2017  July 2021
Functioned as the lead designer for the 2019 womens winter collection team and supervised
seasonal conceptualization and design of womens accessories, which included belts and
bags.
- Designed attractive fashion items that coincided with the brands look.
- Ran the whole product design process, from primary market research, mood board
development to sketching and design to producing the finished product.
- Contributed to the conceptual development of directional product lines, which included
delivering original concept pitches.
- Supervised technical designs of all products from concept design to manufacturing,
including trim and fabric selection, meeting and choosing from vendors, etc.
Associate Fashion Designer at Dior Homme, New York
January 2014  December 2018
Produced commercial designs are reflecting the abstract direction and business strategy of
the company.
- Created seasonal products which focused on style, fabric, and fit.
- Leveraged processes to predict customers needs in order to surpass customer
expectations and react punctually to their requirements.
- Developed and upheld effective relations with eight vital partners.
- Worked together and followed up with vendors regarding deliverables and
main partners throughout the whole design process, including preproduction,
merchandising, and product development.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts in Fashion Design, University of Illinois , Chicago
July 2019  Present
- 2nd place for Best Uniform Design at the Yearly Gallant Show for 2014
- Major subjects included Design Theory CAD and advanced level
- Dissertation on topic Evolution of faux leather and high ankle boots.
- Designed clothesline for university sports personnel
Adobe Certified Expert, Adobe, Online
July 2021  Present
- Course Topics: Illustrator & Photoshop
Associates Degree in Fashion Design, University of Southern California,
San Jacinto
January 2015  June 2017

LINKS
LinkedIn
Resume Templates
Pinterest
Build this template

SKILLS
Adobe Illustrator
Hand Drafting
Fabric
Fashion Design
Design Patterns

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
- Developed a mens winter collection renowned by Vogues and Marie Claires editorial
teams for its Art Nouveau style. The collection became a commercial success, boosting
sales numbers by 46%.
- Created a highly admired womens summer collection that increased revenue by 38%
compared to last year.
- Managed a team of 6 designers to create 155 SKUs each month for a childrens apparel
company.
- Enhanced the companys main designing platform from 6 to 4, resulting in costs-savings
of $67,000 per SKU due to scale efficiencies.

HOBBIES
Art, Rugby, Cricket

LANGUAGES
English Native speaker
Italian Native speaker